Ah ok I remember Hi good afternoon everyone today is Tuesday
it's 13 days today i'm here to hear everything i
I speak loudly double aged Leite multi was something in the rope just of transit the
project went to bed right went to vote in bed is nothing some things were
altered was not what we wanted to hear any more voice and with
all certainty next year can present a new project looking for
correct anything else the intention we that is to facilitate the life of the
driver for example driving license i'm 65 four years old
between us then own cause up to 50 years of age is worth for ten years the
Our driver's license proposed 65 that I understand with all due respect
you too and no problem it couldn't be the ten
years is fine so it was approved up to 50 10 high quality 50 until september up to 75
years and 70 up there I’m almost there and three years something else doesn’t
there was a lot of complaints, right, the father of truck drivers is taxi drivers
Uber Edvan by bus the question of losing your wallet by score 20 you ask
very quickly some the bed, right, it will increase the number of accidents, violence
in traffic it will not work, it will not last and I’m not giving it a bigger chance
element who committed the offense so I continue wallet feeling personal
a driver's license from these people you took a breadwinner from him already
his work and he will either drive with the letter irregularly yet
commenting on another cream is going to make a difference if you only have one van for
drive a truck to transport your cargo So it went to 40 points
I need one more thing to take into account here there are a lot of bomb things inside that
line that you without the stoppage for example
from within the city if Macedo lighthouse is trying to repeal this law that was a
specific law for this was not possible arrived how it was
the tunnel when fog is fogged or outside the human expert so that the
urban perimeter highways will not have a problem inside that there pay
but outside the urban perimeter in the area in those three is adults you have to
use them ours you will give Brasilia here to hear the 40s were the
mine also here from Brasilia to anyone
[Music] helped me it wasn't that we asked for me
I want to understand you, I understand, right If I got it wrong I can always right, always at
times when is is is
and if you turn on the light or not, your customers today leave the factory with DRL in that
LED device there so practically everyone well that already has a
protection a safety I think the engine we wanted is in the project we
allowing a motorcyclist to only overtake with a car stopped in the
the city we got it is still worth using a hello the cyclist can
driving us is not really what is the rule of São Paulo that we get
at that time doing it we couldn't handle it in São Paulo
now not the civil police to see if people in
São Paulo remember this person, right, we prohibit Explain the biker I
I have quality motorcycle at the door of the Alvorada logical operations
I started with hair known the concern that day I'm going to attack
with Andrade so i stopped walking But you want a medicine for me ok
having a hard time imagine you in São Paulo Rio de Janeiro Salvador Because it is Porto
Cheer up or call the pharmacy until a drug gets there if I have to walk
behind a car or in power or not being able to overtake in your middle age but the
thing to delay unless you make a pizza do not want to please Dinho here look you
I still have a cold pizza, I don't think you will receive
it's hot take care of his life for him up there
of that train rejoices with another one I always took care of my life for a long time
motorcycle time the real imagined of Brazil another nervous one understood that the
very complicated traffic I think that talking more complicated than São Paulo
some are really there are very good cyclists right motorcyclist in a no
managed to survive in those years there was quite intense but one thing sometimes
there is something important and today we’re going to be able to leave the house just
with cell phones because we are digitizing everything abroad so much
back service and today it will be possible we have vehicle documents and
exclusively election it will not be necessary to have that paper money
your economy is so that we will not have to print and the guy with the
cell phone and it will have his identity that the national driver's license he will
have a vehicle registration and licensing certificate and today O
people already have Picos, you have a credit card So everything is your porcelain
cell phone to leave the house now she leaves the house forgets Sometimes the husband a
wife, right, husband
if you have another side for lack of is we only eat vehicle can be all
electronic sneaker other things that this law goes into effect 180 days since
it will be soon we are in october november
December-January that will not open then strips other than Guru until then folks
the driver's license has won 5, if he / she will have taken the driver's license, then
this dish people so that the whole dogue conscience right not to commit
infractions for sure this one is the objective interest of 180 days more
something wins well you can see right one thing is getting
simpler right and for those who had several feathers
here and what the score in the portfolio represented did not
fail to show points in the portfolio so things are getting lighter for
those small situations Now it gets heavier for Whoever commits
serious alcohol offenses look apply the chance other iOS made a revolution
for those people that the aviators of the revolution a fantastic thing including
for some categories, the validity of the license is ground to beat in surviving
there it represents and for the person who is thinking because he
are working now here in Goiânia that sells, you can only present the project
similar, right from the following year onwards, an eye that sells will present
more things we want a health inspection and it was not accepted
that bed now was made by any doctor is to look for your brother
uncle wife your father your grandmother your son is your neighbor and get a certificate
doctor and does not have a monopoly in the medical clinic to ask that health issue the
what are you going to do because you just think you look at that driver R $ 203 more
cheap as you ended up was also not to solve possible to end
simulators about here cheaper to zero example So these
two measures he ahm
in other breeds we will do is that it depends on the payment and payment is necessary until
to see comedy hello hello
it’s very easy to go further she unfortunately didn’t advance more than
thanks the bed thank you the wrong ones because it gave some encouragement a certain
uncomplicated, deregulated and unbureaucratic at the time of
license or renewal of your driver's license But one thing
functionalists professional flyers present in the lives of 14 just no more
simple and cheaper and keeping the aunt had it according to the feeling, right level
average had the score ended up the score for some minor infractions
it's just over the score for someone this tip
Ah but come here I want to pay a fine and there was also a score in my wallet
next year we will improve even more because we must not believe in people
for the human being to trust because I am like this not to understand people get a
awareness where everyone goes out in the range in a good sense problems
it’s one thing so I’m very thankful Tarciso Congratulations Adilson Olha a Capital
AM